Oomnitza offers enterprise IT a unique solution to manage the entirety of the digital estate. Unlike our competitors, who deliver siloed solutions, Oomnitza offers granular control and orchestration across the lifecycle of all digital assets, including hardware, software, IoT, networks, cloud, as well as the people and workflows who rely on them. We enable some of the largest and most innovative companies in the world to address critical enterprise requirements for security, auditability, employee experience, and financial efficiency, accelerating time to value. Oomnitza is headquartered in San Francisco.

Team Oomnitza are seeking a Software Engineer to join our growing Integrations Team working on the next generation of SaaS enterprise software. This role will support and create third party integrations, enabling our customers to accurately track and manage their data. You will enjoy solving complex and interesting problems within a collaborative team environment. You have a strong focus on the user with empathy for their challenges and are excited to help build an infrastructure that delivers a positive experience for our customers

What You’ll Do:

Act as contributor to the Oomnitza Integrations team.
Write reusable, testable, and efficient code
Support the delivery of technical integrations with third parties.
Work with and test 3rd party rest API’s.
Use version control with git
Work with; Git, Pycharm (or other IDE), Rest API’s, Unit Tests and databases, Json, Jinja 2 template language, postman or another rest API client.
Work with remote team members in developing and testing 3rd party rest API integrations
Create Internal documents
Plan and estimate level of effort (creating sub-tasks)
Perform peer code reviews
Work with the Customer Success team to identify bugs and implement fixes with integrations
Daily ticket participation (close issues, status updates, add new bugs and ideas).

What We’re Looking For:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or relevant, proven industry experience.
1-3 years Python knowledge & experience.
Firm understanding of backend development, including Python, Jinja 2 template language,
REST API and MySQL solutions.
Understanding of agile software development processes.
Analytical and adept at problem-solving with attention to detail.
Collaborative nature with effective English communication skills.
IT industry background preferred

Our Benefits Package:

Dental & Vision Insurance.
Employee Equity Plan.
Health Insurance for you, your spouse and dependents.
Pension, Life insurance and Income protection.
Remote working & flexible work schedules.
Working from home equipment allowance.
Choice of preferred equipment, Mac or PC.
Regular, fun social events and workshops.

What We Can Offer You:

Market Competitive Salary
A progressive, healthy work culture with excellent opportunities for professional and personal development.
Top performers will have an opportunity to help shape the team. Working directly with the founders to drive initiatives and create a structure that scales.
A once-in-a-lifetime career opportunity to get onboard a fast-growing business that is venture-backed by C5 Capital, Shasta Ventures, Riverside Acceleration Capital, and Hummer Winblad
